[Fix-10028][Docker]Support Multi-Architecture Docker Images (#10052)
apache/dolphinscheduler: docs/docs/en/development/development-environment-setup.md

ii. Run `mvn clean install -Prelease -Dmaven.test.skip=true`

### Docker image build
* Run
```shell
$ cd dolphinscheduler
$ ./mvnw -B clean deploy \
          -Dmaven.test.skip \
          -Dmaven.javadoc.skip \
          -Dmaven.checkstyle.skip \
          -Dmaven.deploy.skip \
          -Ddocker.tag=<TAG> \
          -Ddocker.hub=<HUB_URL> \
          -Pdocker,release          

> ```

Reviewer: * To build Docker images locally, run

```shell
$ cd dolphinscheduler
$ ./mvnw -B clean package \
          -Dmaven.test.skip \
          -Dmaven.javadoc.skip \
          -Dmaven.checkstyle.skip \
          -Ddocker.tag=<TAG> \
          -Pdocker,release          
```

* To build and push Docker images to your registry `<HUB_URL>`, run
```shell
$ cd dolphinscheduler
$ ./mvnw -B clean deploy \
          -Dmaven.test.skip \
          -Dmaven.javadoc.skip \
          -Dmaven.checkstyle.skip \
          -Dmaven.deploy.skip \
          -Ddocker.tag=<TAG> \
          -Ddocker.hub=<HUB_URL> \
          -Pdocker,release          
```

Reviewer: @liqingwang please update the doc to 👆

Author: Done

> > **_Note：_** Docker will build linux/amd64,linux/arm64 multi-architecture images by defult

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_Note：_** Docker will build and push linux/amd64,linux/arm64 multi-architecture images by default
```

ii. Run `mvn clean install -Prelease -Dmaven.test.skip=true`

## Docker image build

DolphinScheduler will release new Docker images after it released, you could find them in [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/search?q=DolphinScheduler).

* If you want to modify DolphinScheduler source code, and build Docker images locally, you can be run when finished the modification
```shell
cd dolphinscheduler
./mvnw -B clean package \
       -Dmaven.test.skip \
       -Dmaven.javadoc.skip \
       -Dmaven.checkstyle.skip \
       -Ddocker.tag=<TAG> \
       -Pdocker,release              
```

When the command is finished you could find them by command `docker imaegs`.

> * If you want to modify DolphinScheduler source code, build and push Docker images to your registry <HUB_URL>，you can be run when finished the modification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you want to modify DolphinScheduler source code, build and push Docker images to your registry <HUB_URL>，you can run when finished the modification
```
